---
title: "Story 1: Private the guard dog"
date: 2023-06-06T01:03:50-05:00
featured_image: "/images/guard dog.jpg"
tags: ["dogs"]
description: "A story about a dog guarding the gate of his master's teritory"
---

Ah, being the best guard dog in town is not easy, but I will give you pointers on what it takes to be the best. Every day starts with training. First 10 barking pushups, ‘woof’ 1, ‘woof 2’, ‘woof’ 3… ‘woof’ 10. You might be thinking, why barking pushups? That is because it warms up the lungs and readies you for anything that can happen. It also adds the benefit of making sure that any intruders become scared and filled with fright making fear the day they come here again. Now that I have rested, it’s time for the outdoor patrol. But like every day of guarding, we must guard the door and wait. Why must we wait? Because the Master needs to get his leash. We don’t want our Master to get lost as we must protect our Master with our life. Yay, Master has arrived, and he brought his leash; my Master is a good master.


While on the patrol, we need to be careful of squirrels. Those evil monsters always try to take away master stuff. I can smell their evil intentions, and I will not have it. It all started on the day when I was just a young guard dog; I was in the yard learning the ropes. And me being a young pup, I was not watching my surroundings; I was too busy playing with this interesting round object. It was hard, but it tasted like the peanut butter that Master gives me. Then out of nowhere, a squirrel jumped out. I was so shocked it looked at me with those vicious eyes as it landed in front of me. It took the round object while I was still frozen and dashed off. Back in those days, I was not as diligent with my training as I am now. I could not catch the heinous intruder. We run all across the yard. But with my innate talent as a guard dog, I backed him against a wall. I thought I had cornered it. I thought I could have my revenge. Alas, it was not meant to be, I saw the squirrel jump, and it leapt right over the fence while my body, full of momentum, slammed snouts first into the gates. It was humiliating. And from that day on, I swore that every squirrel must perish. Oh, we are back at home base. Now we wait for the first meal. And I will tell you about the next day of training in my next post.